The refl. API I also offer some nice methods to work with prototypes to find out what the prototype
object is or to change it.
Especially the first one it wasn't that easy in the positive you know that we had this donder produce
this underscore underscore produ underscore and the square thing.
But that was really supported by all browsers and it wasn't even a part of the general specification
.
Now it's added the search in year 6 but the refl. get prototype off method is a much better way to find
it out.
So let's have a look at that for the showed us all trade a class person or a constructor to create a
name property here.
And also just to max directly your.
Then I'll create a new person with the new keyword.
You don't have to use refl. construct all over the place.
There is nothing wrong with you.
It's simply a shorter way so why not use it.
And then I want to lock something to the console.
I want to use the refl. get prototype off method to find out what the prototype of prison is.
Of course we all know it's present dot prototype but it's nice to have a method to actually see that
.
So let's run it.
That was the object object and that's not really helpful but if we open up the developer tools here
in Chrome for example and run it again we also see the object here but we can expand it.
Have a look at the constructor and there we would say.
And then we would see that it is actually our Person objects of this person prototype of course we can
also still compare this prototype to person to prototype your view.
Well what will we see if I had run to see true of course because person A prototype is a prototype.
So it basically is the same as this syntax here at Dunder prorogue so double underscore produ double
underscore it wasn't an official part of the specification therefore not safe to use and easy 5.
Now with iOS 6 it was added.
But it's still kind of an ugly way to access the prototype.
So using your refl. get prototype of is the preferred way to work with prototypes and find out what
the prototype of a certain object actually is.
Of course if I were to oh you're an X is my prison prototype and let's say at age feel to it.
So that equals you 27.
And now I print just the prototype.
I would also see that H field here.
So now we don't have that empty prototype or just empty object but just not telling us anything.
Now we clearly see that this is the prototype but again this is a safe way and you recommend that the
way to access the prototype of your object.
Now sometimes you don't only want to see it but you might want to change the prototype off your well
object of the person here.
You can do this too.
I can simply use reflect that produ prototype or then change the prototype of my object to do this I
will create a new object which I want to use as prototype and not just name and pro-homo this will just
be an object in literal notation and it will have the age of 30 so that we have a distinct part here
.
And then I will first enter as a first argument the object of which I want to set the prototype and
then as the second argument of that function what I do want to set as a prototype Subroto in this case
this newly created object here what do we expect to see in a console.
For now run while we see object object but with the age of 30.
So this prototype here does object here it's not a prototype as you can see because we're checking what
the prototype is and reprinting the prototype to the console.
And since we changed it it's produ and no longer a person to prototype.
So that's a cool way to work with prototypes and to change them in your code.
And of course the object object itself also has to set a prototype method.
But again refl. is the central place which handles all of that together.
So you may as well use it there